A JDK short for Java Development Kit JDC.
And so the name implies that it's something we need to develop Java applications.
Now there are two things you need to run Java code.
You need a Java compiler to compile your code and a Java runtime to run the compiled code.
And that's why a JDC provides a compiler, a runtime and a lot of other things.
So in this video, we're going to install a JDC from something called Amazon Coretta.
All right.
Amazon credit is just a distribution which once installed does the work of setting up a JDK in your
computer.
Basically, all you need to do is install it and it's going to do the heavy lifting.
So to start in this lesson, I need you to click the link in the resources.
I'll give you a couple of seconds to pause the video and do that.
The link should take you to the Amazon Credo page.
We're going to scroll down to the Windows platform and choose the first installer.
You can go ahead and pause the video until you're finished downloading it.
Once you download your installer, go ahead and open it, then go through every step in the installation
wizard and it should take a few seconds to install.
Just keep going through all the steps.
And that's all.
Now you have a JDK installed in your computer.
Now to make sure we install the JDK, we can check for it.
Namely, we're going to check for a Java compiler and a Java runtime since we know that's what a JDK
is composed of.
We're going to check for a JDK by looking for the command prompt.
And the first thing we're going to check for is a compiler.
So we're going to write Java C, which stands for Java compiler version.
Then we're going to press enter.
If a version shows up, that means you have a Java compiler.
And this shows me I have a Java compiler, version 11.
So now I'm going to write Java version two, check for a job by runtime.
And once again a version shows up for me, which means I have a working java runtime courtesy of Open
JD.com is on Curto.
If for whatever reason you're getting a command not found message, just try to restart your computer
and you should be fine.
And so in this lesson you installed a JDK.
Now your computer can compile and run code.